Clarification added for PDF doc (#686)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/ome-faq.md

  
## Are PDF file attachments supported?

> Yes! PDF files are supported. You can view supported file formats mentioned [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/information-protection/rms-client/client-admin-guide-file-types). You can also enable encryption for PDF attachments for your Office 365 organizations. To enable encryption for PDF attachments, run the following command in [Exchange Online PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes! PDF files are supported. To view supported file formats, refer to [File types supported by the Azure Information Protection client](https://docs.microsoft.com/information-protection/rms-client/client-admin-guide-file-types). You can also enable encryption for PDF attachments for your Office 365 organizations. To enable encryption for PDF attachments, run the following command in [Exchange Online PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/exchange/exchange-online/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell/connect-to-exchange-online-powershell):
```
